tidb: Refine the doc for global kill (#4729)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- Determines whether to create the expression index.
- Default value: false

### `enable-global-kill` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0.0-rc</span>

> - Determines whether to enable `global kill` feature. To enable this feature, set the value of this configuration item to `true`. When enabled, this feature can safely kill any connection even when TiDB servers are behind a load balancer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Determines whether to enable the Global Kill feature. To enable this feature, set the value of this configuration item to `true`. When enabled, this feature can safely kill any connection even when the TiDB server is behind a load balancer.
```
